get it it's Glenn ball chef and on
tonight's menu I'm making up a plot of
minestrone it is a very healthy soup
it's one of my favorite soup recipes and
this can be converted into a vegetarian
recipe very easy it's got a lot of
different flavors going on and I think
you might enjoy this folks so let me
show you how I do all right start this
minestrone soup out we're going to add
about an ounce of extra virgin olive oil
to our pot here and to that we will
season that up with some garlic
about a tablespoon and a half a teaspoon
of bay leaves a teaspoon and a half of
oregano and a teaspoon of celery seed
what we're going to do now is we're
going to sweat out one white onion that
I've chopped up and four of the Italian
plum tomatoes that I have finely diced
that with I'm going to add some tomato
paste
put in a small seven ounce can of tomato
paste like such what we're going to do
is just use these spices and we're going
to cook these onions until they're
translucent and when this comes back
I'll show you the next step all right
we've got our onions and the meat is I'm
sweat it in there with the aromatics
we're going to add about a teaspoon and
a half of black pepper into that we're
going to add one port of beef stock you
use vegetable stock if you wanted and
we're just going to put that right in
there bring this up to a boil and I will
show you the next up all right next step
here is that two cups of white kidney
beans
okay we've now cooked our soaked white
kidney beans for about 40 minutes now
what we're going to do is we're going to
throw in two small potatoes that I have
cut up and we'll put that right into the
stockpot and along that we'll put in one
cup of City Gloucester and cook for
about 13 minutes so we're going to stir
that around for a little bit let that
cook for a minute and I'll come back and
show you the next step at about another
quart of liquid to this we're about
halfway through the cooking of the pasta
and the potato I'm going to now throw in
some washed and chopped kale about a cup
and a half the web right to the stock
along with that I'm going to add in one
zucchini which I've diced up and about
3/4 of cup of just regular green cabbage
and you don't like some of these
vegetables you can leave them out this
is a very healthy soup these vegetables
add flavor to the broth and it's that
they are very healthy
these will boil down here as the soup
cooks go about another six minutes on
this and we'll be ready to salt and
plate this up so we'll be back
all right this is going to be good folks
the minestrone has come together here
quite nicely nice Italian soup recipe
we're going to put in about a tablespoon
of some parsley you have a little bit of
olive oil at the end I like the taste of
that myself and I'm going to put some
salt in now put any salt in yet and I
like to wait to the very end because it
does make the beans a little tough put
in about a tablespoon and a half of this
is some of this what they call pink
Himalayan salt it's naturally pure they
say we'll use that today but you could
use kosher salt sea salt just regular
salt for this dish this is all cooked up
now it's just time to play it up and not
give it the old taste test
all right there is our completed
homemade Italian minestrone soup very
very good stuff here we're going to top
this with a little bit of Parmesan
cheese
stay with that change is like a day
without sunshine and we're going to put
about a tablespoon of the Parmesan
cheese in there this is the old taste
tests all the pasta veggies white beans
mmm see how this tastes here
the winter folks can't go wrong with
this homemade Italian specialty soup
recipe I thank you for watching the
balls chef and as always buon appetito